README.md, before:

My java homework:

1) HW1 - easy (use try resources, print readable messages, check args, args[0], args[1] for null)

2) HW2 - use Collections.binarySearch(), extend AbstractSet (removes some unnecessary code), don't use not standard annotations 
(for example javax.annotation.Nonnull). Note, that descendingSet() works for O(1) and headSet(), tailSet(), subSet() work 
for O(log n). You can think about using Comparator.naturalOrder()

3) HW3 - imports are unneseccary (because there is no easy way to resolve equal name conflicts), jedi version (generics) will 
give you 3 bonuses, also you can earn 1 bonus by getting the shortest code.
I've earned 3 bonuses by showing my own generic tests (they convinced him somehow)

4) HW4 - it's easy. Ensure, that your program works on Windows too (i've got one minus for this). build.sh compiles a .jar file

5) HW5 - it's also easy. GK doesn't look at javadoc very thoroughly, but all your link must be clickable. docgenerator.sh 
generates javadoc for implementor

6) HW6 - test are so bad in this task

7) HW7 -

Commit message:

HW8: Comments about this task

README.md, after:

My java homework:

1) HW1 - easy (use try resources, print readable messages, check args, args[0], args[1] for null)

2) HW2 - use Collections.binarySearch(), extend AbstractSet (removes some unnecessary code), don't use not standard annotations 
(for example javax.annotation.Nonnull). Note, that descendingSet() works for O(1) and headSet(), tailSet(), subSet() work 
for O(log n). You can think about using Comparator.naturalOrder()

3) HW3 - imports are unneseccary (because there is no easy way to resolve equal name conflicts), jedi version (generics) will 
give you 3 bonuses, also you can earn 1 bonus by getting the shortest code.
I've earned 3 bonuses by showing my own generic tests (they convinced him somehow)

4) HW4 - it's easy. Ensure, that your program works on Windows too (i've got one minus for this). build.sh compiles a .jar file

5) HW5 - it's also easy. GK doesn't look at javadoc very thoroughly, but all your link must be clickable. docgenerator.sh 
generates javadoc for implementor

6) HW6 - test are so bad in this task

7) HW7 - easy task

8) HW8 - ensure that you don't have any active waits (constantly adding the same task to queue for example). There is
some bug, which nobody couldn't solve, but i'm too lazy to describe it (you can write me if you want and i'll tell you
more about it).
